based on my analysis of the codebase, let me break down what's currently implemented and what needs to be added for the student unit registration and QR code attendance system:
Currently Implemented:
QR Code Generation & Management:
Lecturers can create QR codes for attendance sessions
QR codes include session data, unit info, and timing information
Backup key system is in place
Attendance Tracking:
Students can scan QR codes to mark attendance
System tracks attendance status (Present, Late, Absent)
Server-side timestamp verification
Location data capture
Session Management:
Active session tracking
Start and end time validation
Session status tracking (scheduled, active, completed)
Basic Database Structure:
Tables for attendance_sessions, attendance records
Student and lecturer management
Unit management
What Needs to be Added/Enhanced:
Student Unit Registration System:
Create a unit registration table in Supabase
Add UI for students to view and register units
Implement semester/academic year based registration
Add validation for prerequisites and unit limits
Enhanced QR Code Distribution:
Implement automatic QR code distribution to registered students
Add validation to check if student is registered for the unit
Create notification system for new QR codes
Time Synchronization and Anti-Cheating:
Implement server-client time synchronization
Add device time verification
Create time drift detection
Add location-based validation
Session Management Enhancements:
Add active session time window validation
Implement session expiry based on server time
Add concurrent session detection
Database Schema Updates:
Add student_unit_registration table
Add time synchronization fields
Add device verification fields
Would you like me to proceed with implementing any of these components? I can start with:
Creating the student unit registration system
Enhancing the time synchronization and anti-cheating measures
Implementing the automatic QR code distribution to registered students
Please let me know which aspect you'd like to focus on first, and I'll help you implement it.


Proposed Secure Flow
    Unit Registration Layer:
1.Units Table -> Student Registers Units -> student_unit_enrollments table
   Enhanced QR Code Scanning:

2 .Student Scans QR -> System Checks:
   1. Is session active?
   2. Is student enrolled in unit? (NEW CHECK)
   3. Is time valid?
   4. Is location valid?
   -> If all pass -> Mark attendance
   
     I see in the code (lib/services/attendance_service.dart) that there's already a check for student enrollment:
   // Check if student is enrolled
final enrollmentResponse = await _supabaseService.client
    .from('student_unit_enrollments')
    .select()
    .eq('student_id', studentId)
    .eq('unit_code', sessionResponse['unit_code'])
    .maybeSingle();

if (enrollmentResponse == null) {
  return {
    'success': false,
    'message': 'You are not enrolled in this course'
  };
}


Proposed Improvements

Student Attempts Attendance:
1. First Layer: Unit Enrollment Check
   - Is student enrolled in this unit?
   - Is enrollment active for current semester?

2. Second Layer: Session Validation
   - Is session active?
   - Is time within valid range?
   - Is location valid? (if implemented)

3. Third Layer: Anti-Spoofing
   - Validate device time
   - Check for duplicate attendance
   - Verify location (if needed)
-    
   
   The current system has a good foundation with:
Unit assignment to lecturers
QR code generation with session data
Basic enrollment checks
Backup key system
Time validation
Do you want me to:
Detail how to enhance the enrollment validation?
Explain how to add semester-based validation?
Show how to strengthen the anti-spoofing measures?
Let me know which aspect you'd like to focus on, and I'll provide more specific details.